given their ready to run racing in the
Elgin dagger and alize ad was slow to
move mental didn't come out quickly nord
at global city can as again fired out of
the gate SQ love began well and ballista
much better away tonight it's going
through it on the inside de vie for the
lead kevin of forth on the inside of
belmont mass then to bow he sound
krypton factor settles five lengths off
the lead a length away then came
Hitchens global city on the rail a link
to go vendor on the outside of mental
three quarters to over bridge lad Tanith
all his second last and alleys am
whipped the field in as they came under
the turn scorching through the first
quarter in 23.8 and with 450 left Iran
can as again giving them something to
catch but he is working a ballista
holding the fence they were lengthened a
half of a rescue love Kevin are about to
get into the clear followed by the bow a
sound and now the Australian medal is
coming on the outside Cavanaugh got to
the front mental and Krypton factor are
running him down cabin as the leader
metals moving away outside metal coming
at kerala metal moves up cramster lead
the former AA team moves away and metal
beak kavanah Krypton factor third bill
mots mast has run fourth and I verbiage
lad ran on at the end then came tamatha
the bow he sound followed by govinda SQ
lovekin ass then came alize ab ballista
was well back followed by global city
Hitchens he run it last year it was last
to pull up this year